fix: fetch_root_key refuses to play along if called on the mainnet (#526)
dfinity/agent-rs: CHANGELOG.md

* Added node metrics, ECDSA, and Bitcoin functions to `MgmtMethod`. Most do not have wrappers in `ManagementCanister` because only canisters can call these functions.
* Added `FetchCanisterLogs` function to `MgmtMethod` and a corresponding wrapper to `ManagementCanister`.
* Updated the `ring` crate to 0.17.7.  `ring` 0.16 has a bug where it requires incorrect Ed25519 PEM encoding. 0.17.7 fixes that and is backwards compatible.

> * Agent::fetch_root_key() now returns an error, and sets its root key to an empty vector, if called on the mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Agent::fetch_root_key() now returns an error, and sets its root key to an empty vector, if got the same root key as the mainnet. This reduce the potentiality of MITM attack.
```
